Ah Kunshang
I don't know if you are here
Don't move my knees
How violent it makes me
Yes
Why did Shenghe Group suddenly become rich by 5 billion?
Also contact the sales staff directly
I don't know that either.
A few months ago, I ran into Wang Tian's father
When he found out who I was, he gave me 5 billion
I just agreed to step into the Heavenly Soul Hall
Your Majesty knows
We never interfere
Things run by other people's companies
Hey, please go to Xifuru
Okay, didn't you just say it?
Don't kneel at every turn
Your aura is too powerful
I couldn't help myself.
OK, OK, OK.
When you accept the younger brother in the future
Just keep your eyes on your shoes.
So what's next?
Longhai City's top ten groups
Qingcheng Group
Although the assets are not as good as the top five
But the recoil is great
Buy it and give it to Xiao Yunyan
But the medal
The boss behind that company is also me
That's better
Give it to Xiao Yunyan
Ah!
It's ok.
Hey wife is very strange
Things suddenly worked out perfectly
And grandpa said he wanted to see you. Don't worry.
I won't trouble you this time.
OK, I'll be right there.
The little fat man is quite efficient this time